IfcElementAssembly Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:37:32.8695288Z (#185)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/l/LoadBearingCapacity_2RBEe0qSKHuO00025QrE$V/Documentation.md

> Maximum load bearing capacity is the maximum load that can be applied to the ground (e.g. : applied to the floor for a storey).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximum load bearing capacity of a supporting structure ( e.g. as applied to the floor structure of a storey, or the supporting capacity of a frame assembly).
```
